README.md, before:

# leetcode-dsa-solutions-java
Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
| [2350-find-closest-number-to-zero](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2350-find-closest-number-to-zero) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0383-ransom-note](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0383-ransom-note) |
| [0782-jewels-and-stones](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0782-jewels-and-stones) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0058-length-of-last-word](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0058-length-of-last-word) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
| [0383-ransom-note](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0383-ransom-note) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [0782-jewels-and-stones](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0782-jewels-and-stones) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0383-ransom-note](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0383-ransom-note) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0104-MAXIMUM-DEPTH-OF-BINARY-TREE Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 42.6 MB (59.68%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# leetcode-dsa-solutions-java
Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
| [2350-find-closest-number-to-zero](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2350-find-closest-number-to-zero) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0383-ransom-note](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0383-ransom-note) |
| [0782-jewels-and-stones](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0782-jewels-and-stones) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0217-contains-duplicate](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0217-contains-duplicate) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0058-length-of-last-word](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0058-length-of-last-word) |
| [0242-valid-anagram](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0242-valid-anagram) |
| [0344-reverse-string](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0344-reverse-string) |
| [0383-ransom-note](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0383-ransom-note) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [0782-jewels-and-stones](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0782-jewels-and-stones) |
| [1894-merge-strings-alternately](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/1894-merge-strings-alternately) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2058-concatenation-of-array](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/2058-concatenation-of-array) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0383-ransom-note](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0383-ransom-note) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0605-can-place-flowers](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0605-can-place-flowers) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0094-binary-tree-inorder-traversal) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0144-binary-tree-preorder-traversal) |
| [0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0145-binary-tree-postorder-traversal) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/ador-25/leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
